README.md, before:

# Caliente Corner
- E-commerce site that sells a variety of delicious hot sauces

# Features
- Product list/view with ratings, reviews, and search
- Order checkout page with shipping options and coupons
- Admin area with management of inventory and users
- Message board
- Custom user system with session management
- Role-based access control
- Custom error page
- And more!

# Tech Stack
- Go, Gin
- Postgres
- React, Typescript, PrimeReact, Redux, Tailwind, RxJS

# Running the application
- Front end: `cd ui/src; npm run dev`
- API run and watch: `air -c .air.toml`

# Screenshots

## Product list
![product list](screenshots/products-list.png)
## Product Detail
![product detail](screenshots/product-detail.png)
## Review ratings and charts
![review ratings and charts](screenshots/review-ratings-distribution.png)
## Product Reviews
![product reviews](screenshots/product-review-area.png)
## Cart
![cart](screenshots/cart.png)
## Order Checkout Page
![Order Checkout Page](screenshots/order-checkout-page.png)
## Product autocomplete
![autocomplete](screenshots/autocomplete.png)
## Admin - Edit Item
![admin edit item](screenshots/admin-edit-item.png)
## Message Board
![message board post](screenshots/message-board-post.png)
## New Post
![message board new post](screenshots/message-board-new-post.png)
## Error page
This page demonstrates use of [error boundaries](https://react.dev/reference/react/Component#catching-rendering-errors-with-an-error-boundary), 
a technique which captures rendering errors and presents users with a more friendly user
experience than a blank page.
![error page](screenshots/error-boundary.png)

Commit message:

Adds UserLevelModal, pnpm files, refactors user level
- Removes npm in favor of pnpm
- Adds new modal for user level display
- Refactors some user level info, adds new test case

README.md, after:

# Caliente Corner
- E-commerce site that sells a variety of delicious hot sauces
# Features
- Product list/view with ratings, reviews, and search
- Order checkout page with shipping options and coupons
- Admin area with management of inventory and users
- Fully-featured message board with sub-boards, permissions, and moderator capabilities
- Image uploading and resizing for thumbnails
- User levels based on activity, which grant new permissions based on level
- Custom user system with session management
- Role-based access control
- Custom error page
- Caching for faster response times
- And more!

# Tech Stack
- Go, Gin
- Postgres running in Docker
- React, Typescript, PrimeReact, Redux, Tailwind, RxJS

# Running the application
- Front end: `cd ui/src; npm run dev`
- API run and watch: `air -c .air.toml`
- Tests: `go test lib`

# Screenshots

## Product list
![product list](screenshots/products-list.png)
## Product Detail
![product detail](screenshots/product-detail.png)
## Review ratings and charts
![review ratings and charts](screenshots/review-ratings-distribution.png)
## Product Reviews
![product reviews](screenshots/product-review-area.png)
## Cart
![cart](screenshots/cart.png)
## Order Checkout Page
![Order Checkout Page](screenshots/order-checkout-page.png)
## Product autocomplete
![autocomplete](screenshots/autocomplete.png)
## Admin - Edit Item
![admin edit item](screenshots/admin-edit-item.png)
## Message Board
![message board post](screenshots/message-board-post.png)
## New Post
![message board new post](screenshots/message-board-new-post.png)
## Error page
This page demonstrates use of [error boundaries](https://react.dev/reference/react/Component#catching-rendering-errors-with-an-error-boundary), 
a technique which captures rendering errors and presents users with a more friendly user
experience than a blank page.
![error page](screenshots/error-boundary.png)
